task(connector-sdk): Removing the source insertion logic from examples (#154)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: examples/common_patterns_for_connectors/update_and_delete/update_example/README.md

```
psycopg2_binary==2.9.10
```

Note: The `fivetran_connector_sdk:latest` and `requests:latest` packages are pre-installed in the Fivetran environment. To avoid dependency conflicts, do not declare them in your `requirements.txt`.

## Authentication

This connector uses basic database authentication with a username and password to connect to PostgreSQL. Ensure the database user has appropriate permissions to read from the `product_inventory` table.

## Data handling

The connector demonstrates several data operations:

- Data retrieval from PostgreSQL using the `fetch_data` method (lines 48-59)
- Upsert operations for synchronizing all records (lines 120-123)
- Update operations with composite primary keys (lines 125-141)

Each record is synchronized to the destination table with its complete set of fields. When updating records, the connector demonstrates how to properly specify all components of a composite primary key.

## Error handling

The connector implements error handling in several areas:

- Database connection errors
- Data fetching errors
- Configuration validation
- General error handling during the update process

> The connector also includes warnings about improper update operations that would fail, such as attempting to update with incomplete primary keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector also includes warnings about improper update operations that would fail, such as attempts to update records with incomplete primary keys.
```
